whole.number.1=um
whole.number.1.feminine.singular=uma
whole.number.1.feminine.plural=umas
whole.number.1.masculine.singular=um
whole.number.1.masculine.plural=uns

whole.number.2=dois
whole.number.2.feminine.singular=duas
whole.number.2.masculine.singular=dois

whole.number.3=três
whole.number.4=quatro
whole.number.5=cinco
whole.number.6=seis
whole.number.7=sete
whole.number.8=oito
whole.number.9=nove
whole.number.10=dez
whole.number.11=onze
whole.number.12=doze
whole.number.13=treze
whole.number.14=quatorze
whole.number.15=quinze
whole.number.16=dezesseis
whole.number.17=dezessete
whole.number.18=dezoito
whole.number.19=dezenove
whole.number.20+=vinte
whole.number.30+=trinta
whole.number.40+=quarenta
whole.number.50+=cinquenta
whole.number.60+=sessenta
whole.number.70+=setenta
whole.number.80+=oitenta
whole.number.90+=noventa
whole.number.100=cem
whole.number.100+=cento
whole.number.200+=duzentos
whole.number.300+=trezentos
whole.number.400+=quatrocentos
whole.number.500+=quinhentos
whole.number.600+=seiscentos
whole.number.700+=setecentos
whole.number.800+=oitocentos
whole.number.900+=novecentos

whole.scale.3.singular=mil
whole.scale.6.singular=milhão
whole.scale.9.singular=bilhão
whole.scale.12.singular=trilhão
whole.scale.15.singular=quatrilhão
whole.scale.18.singular=quintilhão
whole.scale.21.singular=sextilhão
whole.scale.24.singular=septilhão
whole.scale.27.singular=octilhão
whole.scale.30.singular=nonilhão
whole.scale.33.singular=decilhão
whole.scale.36.singular=undecilhão
whole.scale.39.singular=doudecilhão
whole.scale.42.singular=tredecilhão

whole.scale.3.plural=mil
whole.scale.6.plural=milhões
whole.scale.9.plural=bilhões
whole.scale.12.plural=trilhões
whole.scale.15.plural=quatrilhões
whole.scale.18.plural=quintilhões
whole.scale.21.plural=sextilhões
whole.scale.24.plural=septilhões
whole.scale.27.plural=octilhões
whole.scale.30.plural=nonilhões
whole.scale.33.plural=decilhões
whole.scale.36.plural=undecilhões
whole.scale.39.plural=doudecilhões
whole.scale.42.plural=tredecilhões

fraction.scale.1.singular=décimo
fraction.scale.2.singular=centésimo
fraction.scale.3.singular=milésimo
fraction.scale.4.singular=décimo de milésimo
fraction.scale.5.singular=centésimo de milésimo
fraction.scale.6.singular=milionésimo
fraction.scale.7.singular=décimo de milionésimo
fraction.scale.8.singular=centésimo de milionésimo
fraction.scale.9.singular=bilionésimo
fraction.scale.10.singular=décimo de bilionésimo
fraction.scale.11.singular=centésimo de bilionésimo
fraction.scale.12.singular=trilionésimo
fraction.scale.13.singular=décimo de trilionésimo
fraction.scale.14.singular=centésimo de trilionésimo
fraction.scale.15.singular=quatrilionésimo
fraction.scale.16.singular=décimo de quatrilionésimo
fraction.scale.17.singular=centésimo de quatrilionésimo
fraction.scale.18.singular=quintilionésimo
fraction.scale.19.singular=décimo de quintilionésimo
fraction.scale.20.singular=centésimo de quintilionésimo
fraction.scale.21.singular=sextilionésimo
fraction.scale.22.singular=décimo de sextilionésimo
fraction.scale.23.singular=centésimo de sextilionésimo
fraction.scale.24.singular=septilionésimo
fraction.scale.25.singular=décimo de septilionésimo
fraction.scale.26.singular=centésimo de septilionésimo
fraction.scale.27.singular=octilionésimo
fraction.scale.28.singular=décimo de octilionésimo
fraction.scale.29.singular=centésimo de octilionésimo
fraction.scale.30.singular=nonilionésimo
fraction.scale.31.singular=décimo de nonilionésimo
fraction.scale.32.singular=centésimo de nonilionésimo
fraction.scale.33.singular=decilionésimo
fraction.scale.34.singular=décimo de decilionésimo
fraction.scale.35.singular=centésimo de decilionésimo
fraction.scale.36.singular=undecilionésimo
fraction.scale.37.singular=décimo de undecilionésimo
fraction.scale.38.singular=centésimo de undecilionésimo
fraction.scale.39.singular=duodecilionésimo
fraction.scale.40.singular=décimo de duodecilionésimo
fraction.scale.41.singular=centésimo de duodecilionésimo

fraction.scale.1.plural=décimos
fraction.scale.2.plural=centésimos
fraction.scale.3.plural=milésimos
fraction.scale.4.plural=décimos de milésimo
fraction.scale.5.plural=centésimos de milésimo
fraction.scale.6.plural=milionésimos
fraction.scale.7.plural=décimos de milionésimo
fraction.scale.8.plural=centésimos de milionésimo
fraction.scale.9.plural=bilionésimos
fraction.scale.10.plural=décimos de bilionésimo
fraction.scale.11.plural=centésimos de bilionésimo
fraction.scale.12.plural=trilionésimos
fraction.scale.13.plural=décimos de trilionésimo
fraction.scale.14.plural=centésimos de trilionésimo
fraction.scale.15.plural=quatrilionésimos
fraction.scale.16.plural=décimos de quatrilionésimo
fraction.scale.17.plural=centésimos de quatrilionésimo
fraction.scale.18.plural=quintilionésimos
fraction.scale.19.plural=décimos de quintilionésimo
fraction.scale.20.plural=centésimos de quintilionésimo
fraction.scale.21.plural=sextilionésimos
fraction.scale.22.plural=décimos de sextilionésimo
fraction.scale.23.plural=centésimos de sextilionésimo
fraction.scale.24.plural=septilionésimos
fraction.scale.25.plural=décimos de septilionésimo
fraction.scale.26.plural=centésimos de septilionésimo
fraction.scale.27.plural=octilionésimos
fraction.scale.28.plural=décimos de octilionésimo
fraction.scale.29.plural=centésimos de octilionésimo
fraction.scale.30.plural=nonilionésimos
fraction.scale.31.plural=décimos de nonilionésimo
fraction.scale.32.plural=centésimos de nonilionésimo
fraction.scale.33.plural=decilionésimos
fraction.scale.34.plural=décimos de decilionésimo
fraction.scale.35.plural=centésimos de decilionésimo
fraction.scale.36.plural=undecilionésimos
fraction.scale.37.plural=décimos de undecilionésimo
fraction.scale.38.plural=centésimos de undecilionésimo
fraction.scale.39.plural=duodecilionésimos
fraction.scale.40.plural=décimos de duodecilionésimo
fraction.scale.41.plural=centésimos de duodecilionésimo